hello youtubers as Isaiah Megan I'm
gonna show you tutorial on how to
transfer a Minecraft map from u.s. to EU
and EU to us
so basically oh what the heck why do i
why do I have all this other stuff order
I'll just get rid of that because that's
from trying to do some other spleef
arena but yeah basically you have this
one a US region code and a region code
and so if you're from the EU and want to
play the game well play the map copy
this one which I'll put these links I'll
put everything in the description just
saying guys and if you're from the US
pick this one so since I am from I will
I'm just gonna make this a EU version
I'm just gonna make it EU version so
everyone else from the EU can download
it I'll just copy this and go to this
program
brute force save data is some sort of
hacking software but come on we want to
play minecraft maps and play it in like
Europe or something so come on let's do
this so yeah umm first I'm gonna search
for where my maps are located so
basically desktop what was it
MC ps3 saves and Skype Skyblock so just
making sure guys just saying pick not
don't pick the folder right here you
want to pick the folder before it or
what other way oh whatever let's see
what happens
so yeah that's what pops up the u.s. or
EU version of that map it says title
right here u.s. all that stuff so how we
do this is you want to right-click this
you want to click decrypt all files so
you decrypt them yes so once you did
that you want to right click it again
and then you want to click Change title
ID slash region what's a clip that as
you can see it says US version right now
so you want to select EU
do you thing the thing with the heck I
might I want region code and I don't
want to press okay so once you press
okay
both of these are not encrypted so
basically if you there are not encrypted
they won't really be recognized by the
ps3 so right here where it says encrypt
PFD you want to click that you want to
click encrypt all files but if you want
to keep the other version as well like
us or EU we want to encrypt that one too
so basically that's how you do it but um
so I'll also show you how to actually
put it on your ps3 and show it show you
actually it works but I can't really
show you if the EU version because I do
not have a I guess European ps3 but I
can't show you the US version I think it
looks exactly the same but yeah I'll be
right back guys and I'll be showing you
from the ps3 how to put it on so now we
are back so to do this part now you want
to go to save data make sure you
injected your USB flash drive just
saying sorry for safe I forgot that but
I'm you actually want to put that exact
file onto your USB flash drive or as I
use I use my playstation portable device
because well it has a USB feature and I
could use my regular memory stick which
is I believe eight gigs so whatever so
you want to go here PSP or USB flash
whatever crap go here so um as you can
see right here this is my map so what
I'd have to do is copy and already just
place it on my ps3 so let's say yes
mieze already already um have the file
on here so I'm just gonna overwrite it
won't really matter but uh yeah from
here now all I have to do is go to the
game minecraft PlayStation 3 Edition so
uh-oh now we are back on now I'm not
sign-in
sorry PlayStation Network but I'm not
saying in for this type of video mo Jane
okay so the here we are so the load this
map you just want to go to play game
well you usually don't have to do this
if you're connected PSN already but I'm
just going to continue playing offline
so once it loads up it should show up as
original map name which mine for me is
sky block so sky block pick whatever
difficulty and this is how would load in
I'm just gonna leave that I was peaceful
but whatever so let us let it load right
there it's loading as you can see on the
bar and now we are finally in just
saying guys this is my map that I made
it's on that site so if you guys also
want to download it there it is but um
it's probably not gonna be able to
download right after this video it's
gonna be down Averell available to
download soon yeah subscribe to become a
master today and check these guys out
they um he has done well this person
make makes a lot of sites just for xbox
360 minecraft computer Minecraft and now
for ps3 minecraft so I'm going to be
recording a lot for them and it's gonna
be awesome pretty much pretty much just
awesome sauce stuff for Minecraft on ps3
and that's probably what my channels
gonna mostly be now but on Twitch gonna
be different but yeah it's a little bit
now it's me and a tutorial the wait at
the same time yeah peace out guys and
hope you enjoyed my little tutorial
right here peace I'm gonna keep hitting
until you freakin just my cat like
button